\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@comment %**start of header
@setfilename connect.info
@include _version.texi
@settitle Manual 1.0 for Connect
@syncodeindex pg cp
@comment %**end of header
@copying
This manual is for Connect (version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED})
Copyright @copyright{} 2011-2015 Simon Arjuna Erat
Connect is licensed as GPLv3.
Connect is licensed as GPLv3.
The manual is licensed as GFDL.

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts.  A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@documentdescription
gnu,linux,script,bash,ash,csh,zsh,connect,cli
@end documentdescription

@comment ## --------------------------------------------------------------- ##

@titlepage
@title Table of Content
@subtitle for version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}
@author Simon Arjuna Erat (@email{erat.simon@@gmail.com})
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage


@comment ## --------------------------------------------------------------- ##

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top Connect
This manual is for Connect (version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}).
@end ifnottex

Connect is a 

@menu
* Introduction to Connect :: 
* Installation :: Optimal installation & de-installation
* Configuration :: 
* Usage :: Some basic description
@c * Display Commands :: The definition of Interface
@c * Interactive Commands :: Convenience for author and user
@c * Advanced Commands :: Tools for the crazy lazy geeks with great ideas
* Appendix :: 
@end menu
@contents

@comment ## --------------------------------------------------------------- ##

@node Introduction to Connect
@chapter Introduction to Connect
@i {Connect to devices}

@section Idea
I've always wanted to be able to connect to device the simple way.
And not have to redo that every time i do a fresh installation on '/'.

Also i wanted to have a common syntax and simplified the adding of new entries as easy as possible.

As of now, it is aimed for single-user systems.

Later updates eventually will support multi-user systems.


@comment ## --------------------------------------------------------------- ##


@node Installation
@chapter Installation
@section Getting the code
It is recommended by FHS (http://www.pathname.com/fhs/pub/fhs-2.3.html#USRSRCSOURCECODE) to save source code in /usr/src.
@example
    su
    cd /usr/src
    git clone https://github.com/sri-arjuna/connect.git
    cd connect
@end example

@section A basic installation procedure looks like:
@example
    ./configure --prefix=/
    ./make
    ./make-install
@end example

By default this will install Connect using the default prefix /usr/local, so the binaries will be available in PREFIX/bin.

@section Uninstall
@example
    su
    cd /usr/src/connect
    ./make-uninstall
@end example


If you prefer Makefiles, you may add/change @b {doMakefile=true} within @i {configure.cfg} 
and rerun ./configure or simply pass @u {./configure --write-makefile} to get:

@section A basic installation procedure looks like:
@example
    ./configure --write-makefile --prefix=/
    make
    make install
@end example

By default this will install Connect using the default prefix /usr/local, so the binaries will be available in PREFIX/bin.

@section Uninstall
@example
    su
    cd /usr/src/connect
    make uninstall
@end example


@comment ## --------------------------------------------------------------- ##


@node Configuration
@chapter Configuration
As of now @b {Connect} is aimed at single-user systems, which allows to 'symlink' and/or 'copy'  
the user configuration to the root account or vice-versa.

Due to this situation, and the default setting that both, 'mount' and  requires root acces


Each of the invoked commands will perform the regard task.
* If using for the first time, it is recomended to link it.
* If used later, and no more changes will happen, it is recomeded to copy the data.
* If you have /home (encrypted) seperatly of / (which is recomended),
you should set up everything as root user, then copy the configuration to your user account.
@example
    connect cfg link
    connect cfg copy
@end example

To actually change settings, a new command is in progress.
It'll be available at:

@example
    connect cfg edit
@end example



@comment ## --------------------------------------------------------------- ##


@node Usage
@chapter Usage
This chapter talks about the basic syntax.


@section Task-Modules
Each of the task modules must apply these commands:

* new
* auto
* lease
* status


@subsection Command: new
Will start a wizzard to add a new LABEL to the specific TASK.

@subsection Command: 

@subsection Command: lease
If passed with LABEL, it will lease that connection.
If passed without LABEL, it will lease all open connections.

@subsection Command: status
Will display the status of LABEL if passed, or all labels of TASK otherwise.





@example
    connect wifi new
@end example

@section Usage-Section
Desc


@subsection Usage-Section-Subsection
Like its regular counterpart @b {echo}, but provides the same output alignment as connect-printline.



@example
	
@end example



@node Appendix
@chapter Appendix

@section History of Connect
@subsection Original Origin




@subsection About the Author
Simon Arjuna Erat has first met a computer at the age of 8, at his dad's cellar office with a Commodore64.
The first i remember about that computer is, that my dad was just changing the tape-drive with a 5.25" soft-floppy.

Allthough i was very much into optimizing my system by tweaking the autoexec.bat and config.sys,
i usualy just did it to gain more free memory over the 512k 'barrier', to play the games more fluently, 
as they required an incredible high amount of RAM... up to 8MB!

Later in 1995, i've had my hands on Slackware 3.0 and RedHat 2 or 3 (not RHEL, before Fedora).

Between 1997 and 2001 i was self-employed PC-Supporter helping private people as well as small- & medium companies in and around my town.
In  between there was some army services, and afterwards i've raised a security company with some friends, which went well until 2004,
where i went back to my origins, and created homepages and flyers for several bars, clubs, discotheques and other etablissements.

Then finaly in 2011, i've had enough of Windows and 'joined the GNU/Linux Community'.
Providing my part to it, by realizing/writing an idea i've had almost 20 years ago... Connect for scripts.

@subsection Manual License
@include fdl.texi

@bye
